# Cool-Deploy

A simple CLI tool to setup auto deployment of Wasp Apps to Coolify. It can also setup and deploy Production and Development PostgreSQL databases on Coolify for each App.

## Usage

1. Download the `cool-deploy.sh` script from this repo.

```shell
curl -fsSL -o cool-deploy.sh https://github.com/tjr214/cool-deploy/raw/main/cool-deploy.sh
```

2. Run `cool-deploy.sh` and follow the prompts to configure the script.

```shell
./cool-deploy.sh
```

3. There are currently 3 ways to deploy your Wasp App via Coolify:

- Git Repo Private Key Deployment **(Recommended)**
- Private GitHub App _(NOT CURRENTLY WORKING!!!)_
- Public GitHub Repository

The script will prompt you to select which method to use and will walk you through the process.

4. If using Private Key Deployment, copy/paste the Private Key generated by the script into the Github Settings page for your App.

5. You are done! The Wasp app should now be deployed and live on your server.

6. If you make changes to the App and need to redeploy: just run `cool-deploy.sh` again, sit back and watch the magic happen.

## Commit Messages

You can add a commit message to each deployment by running:

```shell
./cool-deploy.sh "My Commit Message"
```

## BRIEF ROADMAP

- [x] Add support for custom Client-side environment variables
- [x] Add support for custom Server-side environment variables
- [ ] Setup and deploy a Plausible Analytics server on Coolify for OpenSaaS
- [ ] Add command line options to control script a bit
- [ ] Let script spin up and spin down the dev dB on Coolify via command line options
- [ ] Add support for OpenSaaS 2.0 Blog and Deployments
- [ ] Maybe some cool little ASCII Art?
